sponge absorb sunlight
soil absorb rain
paper absorb sand
cloth absorb concrete
paper absorb sunlight
map attach string
map attach note
rope attach letter
rope attach string
spider attach rope
victim attack rock
boxer attack axe
dog attack feather
feather attack air
cord attack air
baker bake chair
bag bake chair
witch bake air
giraffe bake cake
rabbit bake turkey
man beat dress
acid beat coal
sun beat cereal
sand beat dollar
dog beat water
straw bend body
spoon bend rock
rabbit bend table
worm bend rabbit
man bend elephant
finger bite man
spoon bite dog
man bite water
witch bite air
student bite oil
pillow break table
fist break rock
man break air
air break pillow
student break water
fish breed cat
horse breed cow
cat breed cow
man breed water
student breed rock
bird build car
ant build castle
ant build frame
man build woman
beaver build computer
man burn water
chef burn air
dog burn ham
paper burn cloth
man burn ice
plant bury book
man bury air
student bury water
mole bury rain
rain bury man
basket capsize ship
rabbit capsize canoe
raft capsize ship
man capsize house
woman capsize dog
man carry elephant
basket carry house
student carry air
kid carry chef
raft carry ship
water catch ball
son catch house
man catch air
bug catch dog
rabbit catch bird
man chafe water
woman chafe air
air chafe student
nose chafe milk
person chafe sand
man chew desk
child chew horse
rabbit chew diamond
man chew rock
dog chew building
man chill juice
student chill water
freezer chill ice
sun chill fire
oven chill cake
man choke elephant
rabbit choke man
panda choke rock
student choke banana
man choke ant
wood chop onions
chicken chop tree
saw chop water
man chop air
knife chop rock
dog clean cloth
man clean mud
rabbit clean air
mud clean room
dirt clean house
hand clench desk
rabbit clench elephant
man clench water
student clench air
monkey clench house
man climb rabbit
woman climb dog
dog climb cake
student climb water
bug climb air
scissors clip rock
man clip water
woman clip dog
dog clip magazine
pillow clip paper
man close rock
cat close chair
chef close cake
water close door
oil close bottle
man construct sand
dog construct building
bear construct cat
pillow construct boat
woman construct air
bottle contain elephant
bowl contain horse
bag contain tree
house contain tornado
can contain building
dog cook turkey
elephant cook egg
man cook oven
woman cook beer
chef cook air
ac cool fire
sun cool water
book cool table
hair cool air
house cool train
man count milk
woman count air
student count water
calculator count water
child count oil
casket cover ground
pillow cover vehicle
bowl cover house
man cover air
woman cover cloud
horse crash plane
building crash bike
water crash house
brick crash pillow
pillow crash bike
man create air
rabbit create house
bear create man
chef create sun
dog create bread
knife crop water
man crop air
cup crop rock
pillow crop plant
fire crop pants
jaw crush rock
man crush pillow
feather crush rock
car crush air
club crush water
bug curb elephant
rabbit curb train
water curb bike
snow curb house
man curb air
pillow cut bread
bread cut rock
air cut water
water cut man
hand cut gas
dog damage hill
man damage air
scissors damage water
cotton damage pillow
pillow damage rock
rock dampen cloth
sponge dampen rag
water dampen water
oil dampen rain
man dampen air
man destroy water
student destroy air
dog destroy rain
pillow destroy rock
grass destroy house
grass dig dirt
air dig sand
shovel dig air
water dig hole
air dig ground
water drag bag
gas drag cart
dog drag elephant
bug drag cat
horse drag house
rabbit drain ocean
man drain ocean
pen drain sink
man drain air
woman drain rock
elephant draw phone
dog draw computer
air draw picture
house draw pumpkin
gas draw illustration
man drink ocean
rabbit drink air
woman drink cup
man drink rock
table drink beer
dog drive car
rabbit drive train
man drive elephant
elephant drive car
man drive house
man drop house
woman drop air
rabbit drop elephant
man drop car
woman drop gas
water dump oil
bowl dump elephant
shovel dump house
woman dump air
child dump mountain
man eat computer
woman eat shovel
house eat man
woman eat air
student eat lava
pipe ejaculate air
tube ejaculate rock
tube ejaculate bird
bottle ejaculate book
bottle ejaculate gas
elephant enter bowl
man enter cup
elephant enter basket
plane enter room
camel enter bottle
eraser erase water
cloth erase air
air erase stain
cloth erase house
knife erase pond
rabbit erect house
man erect water
fork erect horse
rabbit erect wall
man erect air
pillow etch rock
knife etch water
chisel etch air
pen etch oil
finger etch car
dog exhale feather
man exhale oil
woman exhale water
child exhale house
cat exhale pillow
belt fasten rain
rope fasten water
rope fasten air
hand fasten elephant
arm fasten house
man feed remote
woman feed wall
cake feed arm
air feed man
air feed rabbit
elephant fill bucket
house fill plate
car fill sink
camel fill bowl
horse fill cup
dog film sofa
bug film man
rabbit film water
elephant film cake
rock film house
man fish air
bug fish shark
dog fish elephant
woman fish house
child fish fire
man fix water
woman fix air
child fix man
rabbit fix car
wrench fix elephant
spatula flatten tire
pancake flatten car
paper flatten cake
cloud flatten cup
pillow flatten hammer
man flip elephant
woman flip water
cat flip man
shovel flip mountain
man flip air
man fold rock
woman fold house
dog fold table
bug fold pillow
man fold elephant
rock fracture water
sword fracture air
bone fracture oil
rock fracture pillow
wood fracture rock
ice freeze fire
sun freeze rock
smoke freeze water
ice freeze smoke
air freeze fire
chef fry water
man fry air
dog fry meat
cat fry cake
woman fry car
glue fuse water
glue fuse air
ocean fuse shirt
marker fuse shirt
river fuse tie
man grab elephant
hand grab house
woman grab water
gorilla grab air
student grab stairs
child grasp air
monkey grasp water
hand grasp oil
rabbit grasp elephant
woman grasp house
man grip horse
rabbit grip dog
hand grip oven
woman grip air
child grip water
hand grope air
man grope oil
hand grope cloud
person grope fire
octopus grope soda
wall halt air
policeman halt oil
air halt traffic
man halt elephant
barrier halt house
pencil hang horse
hook hang house
stick hang water
finger hang oil
neck hang train
truck haul feather
man haul elephant
dog haul air
child haul ant
elephant haul book
table heat food
oil heat water
ice heat man
house heat air
dog heat sand
ant heave box
brother heave paper
worm heave door
ant heave pumpkin
elephant heave pen
man hit water
air hit brother
desk hit cloud
cake hit fire
smoke hit pillow
ant hold earplug
arm hold house
bowl hold dog
police hold ship
hand hold air
stick hook water
ant hook stick
arm hook house
wall hook fish
finger hook train
bear hug worm
elephant hug water
monkey hug pen
man hug ant
rabbit hug air
ball hurl trolley
hand hurl air
hair hurl truck
boat hurl house
ant hurl woman
brother hurt book
pillow hurt head
sword hurt house
cloth hurt foot
brick hurt ocean
officer jail book
cat jail woman
man jail air
dog jail person
child jail cake
donkey kick milk
cat kick air
kangaroo kick oil
tree kick table
man kick rain
shark kill ocean
man kill book
zebra kill house
brick kill table
air kill ant
ant kiss girlfriend
women kiss air
book kiss remote
tree kiss woman
ant kiss fish
man knead knife
air knead cake
wood knead water
mud knead clay
cat knead elephant
woman knit book
horse knit wool
needle knit table
cat knit shirt
student knit paper
pipe leak brick
tree leak gas
bottle leak bowl
man leak wind
balloon leak rain
man lengthen rock
ant lengthen dough
woman lengthen knife
oil lengthen cord
student lengthen house
dog lick air
tree lick frosting
cat lick cloud
tongue lick smoke
dog lick wind
crane lift paper
ant lift weight
wrestler lift elephant
man lift leaf
cat lift horse
ant mask face
cloth mask building
water mask hand
wind mask computer
pillow mask elephant
knife mince water
pillow mince bread
saw mince air
hair mince dough
dagger mince oil
truck move air
ant move table
rabbit move gorilla
worm move cat
elephant move ocean
monkey open bowl
ant open door
man open rock
smoke open window
cow open dog
man pack air
child pack truck
ant pack cake
student pack elephant
barber pack ship
hand peel rock
pillow peel banana
woman peel key
air peel tree
shovel peel milk
cat pet table
ant pet cat
man pet house
computer pet rabbit
bear pet water
water pierce tongue
bullet pierce earring
string pierce board
pen pierce car
hand pierce ant
boy pluck ant
man pluck truck
worm pluck apple
girl pluck sand
cat pluck pumpkin
spider poison box
man poison chair
water poison rock
food poison table
air poison banana
knife poke air
cloud poke bread
bed poke oil
house poke sink
sidewalk poke arm
pen pour juice
pitcher pour rock
chair pour milk
pipe pour legos
cup pour cloud
mouth puff water
hand puff smoke
pipe puff sand
dog puff milk
rock puff smoke
child pull air
nose pull rope
car pull mountain
man pull ant
elephant pull leaf
boy punch air
ant punch wall
tree punch dog
boy punch oil
house punch wall
car push air
car push leaf
elephant push needle
toe push cloud
man push oil
camel ride bike
horse ride cat
girl ride needle
elephant ride cat
gorilla ride bowl
stick rip rock
tissue rip paper
hand rip table
claw rip water
wind rip dough
man roll car
ant roll log
child roll table
elephant roll house
hand roll chair
worm rotate cat
monkey rotate car
child rotate house
elephant rotate sand
hand rotate milk
finger rub air
wind rub meat
table rub rain
oil rub rock
man rub water
pillow scrape plate
spatula scrape air
chisel scrape oil
hand scrape table
screwdriver scrape sand
nail scratch air
beak scratch oil
wind scratch arm
pillow scratch toe
finger scratch milk
man seize elephant
ant seize cat
ant seize car
hand seize water
claw seize air
hand sever arm
knife sever rock
cotton sever cloth
stick sever table
paper sever dough
grandma sew paper
rope sew dress
child sew boat
dog sew curtain
ant sew blanket
worm shake door
child shake house
dog shake elephant
elephant shake air
hair shake canoe
book sharpen knife
knife sharpen pillow
paper sharpen pencil
rock sharpen water
cotton sharpen glass
hand shove milk
fish shove child
child shove pond
ant shove horse
stick shove oil
man slam smoke
worm slam door
stick slam oil
water slam cup
rock slam sand
branch slash cleaver
sword slash water
cotton slash paper
paper slash pillow
nail slash rock
knife slice rock
sword slice air
hand slice dog
knife slice knife
sword slice sand
lion slide tree
ant slide pebbles
child slide ship
woman slide water
man slide car
ant smash rock
knife smash bone
woman smash house
bear smash water
pillow smash table
fox snatch horse
worm snatch rabbit
child snatch car
hand snatch car
crow snatch tree
child spill apple
man spill rock
bottle spill air
bowl spill paper
box spill chair
elephant spin air
child spin car
ant spin bottle
hand spin wall
worm spin ball
kid squash table
ant squash grape
elephant squash water
car squash house
foot squash tree
hose squirt beans
table squirt water
tube squirt pen
house squirt milk
faucet squirt key
man steal lake
child steal air
monkey steal mountain
horse steal house
dog steal elephant
hand stretch knife
ant stretch pillow
dog stretch table
bird stretch tree
hand stretch rock
wind strike car
bat strike water
man strike air
cat strike pond
rock strike cloud
man stroke ant
toe stroke cloud
finger stroke vapor
ant stroke elephant
elephant stroke ant
man stomp horse
cat stomp boat
dog stomp man
lion stomp air
worm stomp grape
man swallow desk
cat swallow man
ant swallow pin
child swallow pillow
lion swallow house
man tackle horse
ant tackle rabbit
horse tackle elephant
child tackle car
ant tackle cat
beak tap air
finger tap water
oil tap floor
beak tap cloud
fist tap smoke
hand tear table
knife tear rock
man tear tree
pillow tear shirt
man tear knife
child throw sofa
man throw car
hand throw air
ant throw cat
horse throw elephant
finger tick tree
elephant tick ant
man tick box
water tick horse
paper tick table
girl toss bear
man toss air
horse toss elephant
ant toss cat
cat toss student
knife trim rock
hand trim pillow
cotton trim tree
knife trim house
book trim rabbit
woman tug paper
child tug car
horse tug air
elephant tug pea
ant tug table
table vent air
tree vent smoke
ship vent water
room vent milk
man vent air
elephant vomit boat
lion vomit tree
woman vomit cat
cat vomit man
student vomit cat
freezer warm foot
sun warm fire
ice warm food
air warm log
snow warm water
horse wear boat
hand wear carpet
woman wear water
child wear tent
ant wear carpet
water wet oil
oil wet water
milk wet lake
water wet ocean
oil wet milk
dog whisk egg
cat whisk sauce
child whisk book
student whisk rock
woman whisk air
man wrestle worm
ant wrestle student
cat wrestle leaf
bear wrestle rock
lion wrestle tree
rope yank water
elephant yank pea
dog yank ant
table yank arm
rock yank house
shirt absorb sand
chair absorb pin
house absorb air
desert absorb rubber
laptop absorb rock
dentist attach string
dog attach paper
rope attach turtle
spatula attach string
leaf attach rope
chef attack rock
monkey attack grape
dog attack scooter
coal attack air
bush attack water
chair bake chef
wheel bake beans
dentist bake air
worm bake cake
horse bake bear
air beat dress
mud beat coal
desert beat oil
lake beat rust
smoke beat rice
straw bend egg
spoon bend desert
infant bend rock
worm bend lion
lion bend mountain
pebbles bite turtle
girl bite lake
clown bite water
dentist bite air
policeman bite oil
brush break chair
purse break dumbbell
girl break smoke
sand break pillow
monkey break lake
turtle breed dog
elephant breed gorilla
monkey breed dolphin
butterfly breed water
monkey breed pebbles
rabbit build car
dolphin build house
air build bush
chair build lake
wool build laptop
chef burn water
paper burn air
rabbit burn ham
dolphin burn cloth
girl burn desert
plant bury air
cup bury sand
student bury smoke
girl bury rain
rain bury scooter
house capsize ship
rabbit capsize bush
bone capsize boat
infant capsize house
girl capsize lion
infant carry gorilla
water carry pebbles
wool carry lake
dog carry house
air carry rust
smoke catch rock
girl catch desert
chef catch air
butterfly catch horse
apple catch lion
dolphin chafe air
dog chafe oil
air chafe girl
wool chafe milk
dentist chafe moon
girl chew laptop
infant chew turtle
bush chew pebbles
clown chew tree
wolf chew skyscraper
girl chill chair
clown chill bear
stove chill table
lake chill moon
bush chill tree
girl choke elephant
dog choke bear
infant choke gorilla
clown choke chair
chef choke laptop
pumpkin chop bike
rabbit chop bush
cup chop scissors
girl chop smoke
knife chop spatula
elephant clean shirt
clown clean mud
lion clean smoke
dirt clean room
mud clean skyscraper
ant clench closet
rabbit clench lion
girl clench water
clown clench air
infant clench skyscraper
gorilla climb rabbit
dentist climb worm
apple climb pin
girl climb oil
turtle climb wind
knife clip pebbles
girl clip oil
policeman clip laptop
cat clip house
wool clip dust
girl close rock
dog close chair
chef close leaf
dentist close door
water close bottle
girl construct cream
cat construct skyscraper
lion construct cat
hay construct boat
clown construct window
purse contain lion
pan contain horse
bag contain dolphin
house contain wind
closet contain house
rabbit cook turkey
girl cook spatula
policeman cook stove
dentist cook beer
chef cook wind
ac cool moon
moon cool oil
spatula cool table
bus cool air
house cool bike
man count mud
woman count air
student count cream
calculator count water
infant count rust
casket cover lake
pillow cover elephant
cup cover house
girl cover wind
chef cover cloud
rabbit crash plane
spatula crash bike
cream crash house
pebbles crash shirt
pillow crash scooter
girl create air
horse create skyscraper
lion create girl
chef create moon
cat create grape
knife crop oil
girl crop air
cup crop pebbles
shirt crop bush
fire crop paper
wool crush rock
girl crush pillow
wind crush pebbles
boat crush air
chair crush water
bug curb lion
ant curb scooter
oil curb boat
wind curb skyscraper
girl curb smoke
shirt cut wool
flour cut pebbles
wind cut oil
oil cut policeman
sand cut smoke
cat damage lake
girl damage wind
knife damage oil
wool damage shirt
shirt damage pebbles
pebbles dampen cloth
scissors dampen shirt
water dampen oil
wind dampen rain
girl dampen air
girl destroy oil
clown destroy air
chef destroy wind
wool destroy pebbles
sand destroy flour
hay dig dirt
air dig mud
shovel dig wind
water dig wool
air dig lake
water drag bike
gas drag boat
cat drag lion
worm drag turtle
lion drag skyscraper
monkey drain ocean
girl drain ocean
spatula drain sand
clown drain air
dentist drain rock
lion draw phone
dog draw laptop
wind draw picture
skyscraper draw pumpkin
smoke draw illustration
girl drink ocean
monkey drink air
clown drink cup
policeman drink pebbles
chair drink milk
ant drive car
cat drive train
girl drive elephant
lion drive car
man drive skyscraper
man drop skyscraper
woman drop wind
monkey drop elephant
girl drop car
woman drop smoke
water dump water
cup dump elephant
scissors dump house
woman dump wind
child dump hill
man eat laptop
girl eat shovel
skyscraper eat man
woman eat wind
student eat lake
pipe ejaculate wind
tube ejaculate chair
tube ejaculate laptop
bottle ejaculate man
bottle ejaculate shirt
lion enter bowl
girl enter cup
gorilla enter basket
boat enter room
camel enter cup
leaf erase oil
cloth erase wind
air erase table
shirt erase house
scissors erase lake
rabbit erect building
girl erect water
spatula erect horse
rabbit erect skyscraper
man erect wind
pillow etch pebbles
scissors etch water
chisel etch table
knife etch oil
cup etch lake
rabbit exhale pebbles
chef exhale oil
woman exhale cream
infant exhale house
dog exhale pillow
nail fasten rain
rope fasten atom
pebbles fasten air
hand fasten house
arm fasten skyscraper
man feed pebbles
woman feed laptop
turtle feed arm
wind feed man
air feed wolf
elephant fill cup
skyscraper fill plate
car fill cup
lion fill bowl
monkey fill cup
dog film milk
worm film man
rabbit film oil
lion film cake
rock film skyscraper
girl fish air
worm fish shark
dog fish lion
chef fish house
infant fish fire
man fix cream
girl fix air
infant fix man
lion fix car
wrench fix wolf
spatula flatten wheel
pillow flatten car
paper flatten tree
cloud flatten moon
shirt flatten hammer
man flip lion
woman flip cream
worm flip man
shovel flip hill
man flip wind
man fold pebbles
woman fold skyscraper
dog fold chair
worm fold pillow
man fold lion
rock fracture cream
knife fracture air
bone fracture mud
rock fracture shirt
wood fracture pebbles
pin freeze fire
sun freeze pebbles
smoke freeze wolf
wool freeze smoke
cream freeze fire
chef fry cream
girl fry air
gorilla fry meat
monkey fry cake
woman fry boat
water fuse water
glue fuse wind
lake fuse shirt
marker fuse house
lake fuse tie
infant grab elephant
hand grab skyscraper
woman grab oil
gorilla grab wind
girl grab stairs
child grasp smoke
gorilla grasp water
hand grasp oil
horse grasp elephant
woman grasp skyscraper
man grip elephant
dolphin grip dog
hand grip stove
woman grip wind
infant grip water
hand grope wind
girl grope oil
spatula grope cloud
policeman grope fire
octopus grope cream
wall halt wind
chef halt oil
wool halt traffic
ant halt elephant
lake halt boat
pencil hang gorilla
hook hang skyscraper
stick hang cream
finger hang mud
neck hang boat
truck haul pin
infant haul elephant
dog haul wind
wolf haul ant
elephant haul nail
table heat cup
oil heat lake
ice heat clown
skyscraper heat air
dog heat moon
ant heave dumbbell
gorilla heave paper
worm heave boat
worm heave pumpkin
elephant heave pea
man hit lake
smoke hit brother
chair hit cloud
rock hit fire
smoke hit wool
ant hold cup
arm hold skyscraper
bowl hold gorilla
policeman hold boat
hand hold smoke
stick hook cream
ant hook mud
arm hook skyscraper
wall hook dolphin
finger hook lion
bear hug pin
ant hug atom
monkey hug pea
chef hug ant
rabbit hug smoke
rock hurl trolley
man hurl air
hair hurl boat
boat hurl skyscraper
ant hurl closet
brother hurt chair
pillow hurt man
sword hurt skyscraper
shirt hurt foot
pebbles hurt ocean
rabbit jail book
cat jail girl
chef jail air
dog jail dolphin
wolf jail cake
horse kick milk
pea kick air
kangaroo kick smoke
tree kick chair
man kick moon
shark kill lake
girl kill book
zebra kill skyscraper
spatula kill table
air kill worm
ant kiss elephant
women kiss smoke
cup kiss remote
tree kiss chef
atom kiss fish
man knead scissor
air knead hay
spatula knead water
mud knead water
worm knead elephant
woman knit cup
horse knit shirt
pin knit table
cat knit rug
monkey knit paper
pipe leak rock
bush leak gas
bottle leak cup
scooter leak rain
balloon leak rabbit
man lengthen pebbles
worm lengthen dough
clown lengthen knife
oil lengthen brick
dentist lengthen house
dog lick smoke
bush lick frosting
bear lick cloud
tongue lick air
dolphin lick wind
crane lift pea
ant lift dumbbell
infant lift elephant
man lift paper
crab lift horse
ant mask water
cloth mask skyscraper
pin mask hand
wind mask laptop
shirt mask elephant
knife mince cream
shirt mince bread
saw mince oxygen
hair mince vapor
dagger mince vapor
truck move vapor
ant move bear
crab move gorilla
worm move turtle
butterfly move gorilla
dolphin open bowl
worm open door
butterfly open rock
cream open window
cow open cream
man pack smoke
infant pack truck
ant pack dumbbell
chef pack elephant
barber pack skyscraper
hand peel pebbles
shirt peel banana
girl peel key
air peel bush
shovel peel cream
cat pet cup
worm pet cat
man pet skyscraper
laptop pet rabbit
bear pet smoke
cream pierce tongue
bullet pierce ant
rice pierce board
pen pierce flour
hand pierce worm
boy pluck atom
girl pluck truck
worm pluck pumpkin
girl pluck cream
dog pluck pumpkin
spider poison table
dolphin poison chair
water poison pebbles
food poison laptop
smoke poison banana
spatula poke air
cloud poke trolley
rain poke oil
house poke mud
sidewalk poke rust
pin pour juice
pitcher pour laptop
rope pour milk
pipe pour house
tube pour cloud
mouth puff mud
table puff smoke
pipe puff window
clown puff milk
pebbles puff smoke
infant pull air
mud pull rope
car pull hill
man pull worm
elephant pull atom
boy punch smoke
atom punch wall
tree punch oxygen
boy punch vapor
skyscraper punch wall
car push smoke
train push leaf
elephant push pin
crab push cloud
man push air
dolphin ride bike
horse ride dog
girl ride pin
elephant ride monkey
lion ride bowl
stick rip pebbles
rice rip paper
hand rip cream
claw rip mud
wind rip rust
man roll bus
worm roll log
child roll flour
lion roll house
hand roll plane
ant rotate cat
monkey rotate bus
infant rotate house
elephant rotate desert
hand rotate cream
finger rub smoke
rain rub meat
chair rub rain
oil rub mud
policeman rub water
pillow scrape chair
spatula scrape smoke
scissors scrape oil
hand scrape pebbles
screwdriver scrape lake
nail scratch smoke
chair scratch oil
rain scratch arm
pillow scratch turtle
butterfly scratch milk
rabbit seize elephant
ant seize horse
worm seize car
hand seize milk
claw seize smoke
finger sever arm
knife sever pebbles
wool sever shirt
stick sever chair
atom sever dough
clown sew paper
purse sew rug
infant sew boat
monkey sew curtain
ant sew curtain
ant shake door
child shake skyscraper
monkey shake elephant
elephant shake smoke
hair shake rock
paper sharpen knife
knife sharpen shirt
paper sharpen plastic
rock sharpen milk
cream sharpen glass
hand shove smoke
fish shove elephant
infant shove pond
ant shove lion
stick shove cream
chef slam smoke
ant slam door
stick slam rust
milk slam cup
rock slam lake
bush slash cleaver
sword slash rust
wool slash paper
rice slash pillow
nail slash pebbles
knife slice dumbbell
sword slice smoke
paper slice dog
knife slice vapor
pebbles slice oxygen
wolf slide tree
butterfly slide pebbles
child slide dolphin
girl slide water
man slide bus
ant smash pebbles
apple smash bone
woman smash skyscraper
bear smash rust
shirt smash table
fox snatch lion
ant snatch rabbit
infant snatch car
hand snatch bus
crow snatch air
infant spill apple
policeman spill rock
bottle spill smoke
bowl spill chair
scooter spill shirt
elephant spin smoke
infant spin car
ant spin scissors
hand spin house
worm spin dumbbell
kid squash closet
ant squash pumpkin
lion squash water
car squash skyscraper
foot squash plane
hose squirt rock
table squirt oil
tube squirt spatula
house squirt rust
faucet squirt pumpkin
clown steal lake
infant steal air
monkey steal hill
horse steal skyscraper
wolf steal elephant
hand stretch scissors
worm stretch pillow
dog stretch chair
bird stretch pebbles
hand stretch dumbbell
air strike wool
bat strike oil
bear strike air
cat strike lake
pebbles strike cloud
man stroke atom
hand stroke cloud
finger stroke vapor
ant stroke cream
elephant stroke pea
man stomp bear
dog stomp boat
dog stomp gorilla
elephant stomp air
worm stomp rock
girl swallow desk
cat swallow chef
worm swallow book
butterfly swallow pillow
elephant swallow skyscraper
man tackle lion
butterfly tackle rabbit
wolf tackle elephant
child tackle bus
ant tackle boat
beak tap smoke
finger tap milk
vapor tap floor
mud tap cloud
fist tap wind
hand tear scooter
knife tear pebbles
infant tear tree
pillow tear rug
dentist tear knife
child throw vapor
man throw bus
hand throw smoke
ant throw dog
fish throw elephant
finger tick bush
elephant tick worm
girl tick box
water tick wolf
dumbbell tick table
infant toss bear
man toss smoke
wolf toss elephant
ant toss pebbles
rabbit toss student
knife trim pebbles
finger trim pillow
wool trim tree
knife trim skyscraper
cup trim rabbit
woman tug leaf
child tug bus
horse tug smoke
elephant tug pin
butterfly tug table
table vent gas
crab vent smoke
ship vent milk
room vent rock
monkey vent cream
elephant vomit bear
bear vomit tree
woman vomit dumbbell
cat vomit infant
dog vomit cat
chair warm foot
water warm fire
ice warm bush
air warm cream
snow warm wool
lion wear boat
hand wear wool
policeman wear water
child wear pumpkin
butterfly wear carpet
oil wet oil
oil wet milk
milk wet pond
vapor wet ocean
oil wet oxygen
dog whisk grape
infant whisk sauce
child whisk spatula
butterfly whisk rock
woman whisk air
man wrestle butterfly
worm wrestle student
cat wrestle pin
gorilla wrestle rock
horse wrestle tree
rope yank vapor
elephant yank pin
dog yank butterfly
chair yank arm
rock yank skyscraper
