cloth absorb oil
sponge absorb oil
sponge absorb rain
soil absorb oil
meat absorb water
tape attach sticker
robot attach tape
glue attach sticker
glue attach note
man attach letter
axe attack boxer
rock attack people
boxer attack robber
man attack cat
rock attack victim
chef bake cookie
oven bake cake
villain bake cookies
witch bake turkey
baker bake cake
man beat boxer
pot beat hands
student beat man
rock beat cat
fist beat rabbit
arms bend leg
superman bend lace
pole bend flowers
arms bend flowers
spoon bend paper
wolf bite tongue
cat bite rabbit
ant bite man
baker bite cake
flea bite dog
television break fridge
dog break plate
stone break window
man break arm
fist break hand
man breed cat
student breed cow
chef breed dog
policeman breed bird
man breed fish
robot build wall
man build deck
worker build school
woman build frame
engineer build shelf
sun burn ham
torch burn cloth
man burn rug
student burn oil
chef burn cake
man bury corpse
mole bury cup
man bury book
soil bury remote
sand bury bone
woman capsize canoe
barge capsize basket
ship capsize boat
student capsize kayak
chef capsize raft
pet carry food
bear carry cable
basket carry hat
kid carry cat
pet carry hat
net catch stick
son catch thief
daughter catch bird
net catch ball
cloth catch pea
thigh chafe boxers
person chafe chef
heel chafe dog
knee chafe dog
man chafe cup
child chew toothpick
mouth chew apple
child chew gum
teeth chew lip
rabbit chew carrot
freezer chill juice
ice chill soda
wind chill student
wind chill water
air chill man
enemy choke squirrel
panda choke dolphin
man choke bird
woman choke rabbit
girl choke horse
axe chop lettuce
knife chop tree
man chop rabbit
student chop sand
chef chop wood
dad clean plate
mother clean house
hat clean slate
broom clean room
wife clean laundry
wrench clench hand
fist clench fist
man clench wallet
hand clench bird
man clench eye
man climb ladder
bug climb mountain
dog climb stairs
snake climb house
student climb ship
scissors clip magazine
barber clip book
man clip grass
student clip paper
chef clip hair
hand close book
man close window
dog close door
child close bottle
finger close oven
man construct building
woman construct puzzle
bird construct nest
brick construct boat
kid construct chair
bowl contain knife
plane contain shells
boat contain dog
backpack contain cat
house contain man
man cook bug
woman cook turkey
oven cook steak
cup cook egg
barber cook rabbit
ac cool water
freezer cool oil
air cool house
ice cool man
ac cool chair
banker count egg
chef count curtain
calculator count cup
man count dog
child count hair
casket cover head
car cover food
car cover face
pillow cover pea
horse cover child
building crash computer
train crash bike
aeroplane crash car
train crash computer
rock crash cup
child create table
engineer create pottery
man create door
sand create house
woman create child
artist crop hair
man crop picture
knife crop pillow
student crop plant
scissors crop pants
club crush egg
rock crush box
man crush child
child crush bug
dog crush plant
sidewalk curb wheels
step curb car
rock curb bike
house curb train
snake curb door
coach cut bread
butcher cut bread
blade cut bug
knife cut pillow
man cut finger
knife damage pillow
mallet damage house
rock damage table
man damage glass
glass damage hand
water dampen cloth
oil dampen house
rain dampen man
water dampen rock
oil dampen book
lion destroy fence
dog destroy pillow
cat destroy hat
oven destroy cake
knife destroy cloth
hands dig dirt
shovel dig hole
man dig sand
knife dig ground
pen dig dirt
legs drag bag
arms drag bag
hands drag log
rope drag garbage
man drag oven
chef drain pond
barber drain swamp
shovel drain sink
pipe drain lake
student drain water
child draw pumpkin
writer draw pumpkin
child draw gun
pen draw water
stick draw castle
woman drink beer
woman drink milk
leopard drink water
rabbit drink soda
worm drink gravy
robot drive train
mother drive truck
student drive tractor
man drive van
chef drive car
elephant drop rabbit
man drop water
woman drop grass
child drop paper
dog drop cup
truck dump gravel
bucket dump dirt
bowl dump water
man dump cake
student dump dirt
cheetah eat apple
goat eat steak
rabbit eat banana
dog eat cat
worm eat chicken
pipe ejaculate water
tube ejaculate oil
bottle ejaculate gravy
tube ejaculate water
bottle ejaculate soda
dog enter box
man enter house
mouse enter basket
worm enter cave
woman enter room
cloth erase dirt
eraser erase stain
shovel erase paint
knife erase text
cloth erase mud
man erect bug
man erect building
student erect wall
chef erect cake
woman erect pen
knife etch rock
chisel etch house
pen etch cake
spoon etch wall
rock etch building
nose exhale air
man exhale air
woman exhale smoke
cat exhale air
dog exhale fume
belt fasten cup
rope fasten cat
belt fasten dog
hand fasten rabbit
arm fasten man
man feed chicken
woman feed dog
cake feed rabbit
leather feed worm
water feed dog
water fill plate
dog fill bucket
dirt fill sink
grass fill tub
water fill cup
man film jeans
woman film sofa
child film water
student film man
chef film cake
child fish branch
shark fish pole
hook fish ring
bird fish boot
man fish ice
man fix machine
woman fix tire
child fix computer
wrench fix car
screwdriver fix door
boot flatten shirt
hammer flatten cake
car flatten cup
mallet flatten dough
spatula flatten bug
shovel flip dog
man flip rabbit
horse flip dog
woman flip table
cat flip egg
hand fold pillow
child fold cloth
dog fold silk
stick fold cloth
man fold paper
bone fracture candy
sword fracture bone
sword fracture glass
rock fracture leg
knife fracture table
ice freeze water
freezer freeze man
ice freeze dog
ice freeze rock
freezer freeze meat
man fry cake
chef fry egg
oil fry lizard
woman fry turtle
child fry mosquito
glue fuse metal
heat fuse bone
tape fuse stick
glue fuse table
glue fuse dog
man grab ham
gorilla grab apple
hand grab cloth
squid grab hand
man grab apple
child grasp hand
monkey grasp bat
hand grasp handle
rabbit grasp ant
woman grasp shirt
man grip brush
rabbit grip stick
hand grip shirt
woman grip cloth
child grip bread
hand grope curtain
man grope stranger
hand grope stranger
person grope arm
octopus grope curtain
wall halt person
policeman halt ball
sign halt traffic
man halt person
barrier halt person
pencil hang rope
hook hang cloth
stick hang book
finger hang rabbit
neck hang necklace
truck haul garbage
man haul woman
dog haul cat
child haul cat
elephant haul truck
oven heat food
sun heat water
fire heat man
stove heat air
fire heat sand
uncle heave box
brother heave bag
tiger heave door
ant heave sand
elephant heave log
man hit remote
car hit brother
desk hit ball
cake hit table
finger hit pillow
glove hold earplug
arm hold dog
net hold dog
policeman hold cup
hand hold pen
stick hook stool
rope hook stick
arm hook rod
needle hook fish
finger hook cup
bear hug chair
infant hug door
monkey hug cat
man hug child
rabbit hug dog
rope hurl trolley
hand hurl bag
car hurl truck
boat hurl ship
man hurl woman
brother hurt leg
needle hurt head
sword hurt leg
knife hurt foot
brick hurt dog
officer jail dentist
student jail woman
man jail dog
mayor jail person
child jail rabbit
donkey kick sand
cat kick girl
kangaroo kick plug
horse kick table
man kick dog
shark kill human
man kill dog
zebra kill man
brick kill rabbit
knife kill ant
women kiss girlfriend
women kiss bottle
ape kiss remote
ape kiss woman
dolphin kiss fish
man knead pillow
mallet knead cake
wood knead hand
student knead clay
cat knead mud
woman knit sweater
grandma knit wool
needle knit cloth
child knit shirt
student knit rug
pipe leak water
house leak gas
bottle leak oil
hand leak blood
balloon leak air
man lengthen string
hand lengthen dough
woman lengthen pillow
finger lengthen cord
student lengthen rubber
dog lick tongue
giraffe lick frosting
cat lick frosting
tongue lick wound
dog lick hand
crane lift bar
helicopter lift weight
wrestler lift man
ant lift leaf
cat lift rabbit
clay mask face
cloth mask table
rug mask hand
smoke mask computer
pillow mask rabbit
knife mince leaf
brick mince bread
saw mince meat
mallet mince dough
dagger mince paper
truck move tree
man move table
rabbit move pebble
dog move cat
elephant move horse
monkey open closet
cat open door
man open bottle
child open window
cow open wardrobe
man pack bag
child pack pencil
woman pack cake
student pack water
barber pack book
hand peel wallpaper
knife peel banana
woman peel skin
monkey peel tree
shovel peel orange
cat pet dog
baby pet cat
man pet baby
dog pet rabbit
bear pet horse
arrow pierce tongue
bullet pierce cheese
knife pierce board
pen pierce pillow
hand pierce paper
boy pluck feather
man pluck string
monkey pluck apple
girl pluck potato
cat pluck flower
spider poison fox
man poison dog
water poison tree
food poison bird
air poison girl
knife poke finger
man poke bread
bed poke baby
needle poke sink
stick poke arm
faucet pour juice
pitcher pour water
cup pour milk
pipe pour gas
cup pour sand
mouth puff smoke
nose puff smoke
pipe puff air
dog puff vapor
monkey puff smoke
child pull car
dog pull rope
car pull truck
man pull woman
elephant pull house
boy punch woman
man punch wall
woman punch dog
boy punch box
fist punch wall
car push fridge
car push child
dog push cup
toe push door
man push chair
man ride bike
child ride horse
girl ride log
dog ride cat
gorilla ride camel
stick rip shirt
knife rip paper
hand rip book
claw rip pillow
spoon rip dough
man roll ball
monkey roll log
child roll wheels
elephant roll rock
hand roll bottle
man rotate cat
monkey rotate dog
child rotate ball
elephant rotate car
hand rotate pen
finger rub potato
cloth rub meat
table rub shirt
pillow rub rock
man rub pen
shovel scrape plate
spatula scrape board
chisel scrape table
child scrape table
screwdriver scrape wood
nail scratch paper
beak scratch hand
stick scratch arm
knife scratch toe
finger scratch board
man seize child
dog seize cat
ant seize pea
hand seize book
claw seize pebbles
knife sever arm
knife sever rabbit
pen sever cloth
stick sever paper
nail sever dough
grandma sew mittens
needle sew dress
child sew rug
man sew curtain
girl sew blanket
man shake door
child shake cup
dog shake cat
elephant shake house
boat shake canoe
rock sharpen knife
knife sharpen log
sword sharpen pencil
rock sharpen nail
knife sharpen glass
hand shove dog
man shove child
child shove book
monkey shove horse
stick shove snake
man slam window
child slam door
stick slam cat
monkey slam cup
rock slam table
cleaver slash branch
sword slash cloth
spoon slash paper
knife slash pillow
nail slash skin
knife slice dough
sword slice table
cleaver slice dog
knife slice hand
sword slice tree
lion slide kid
dog slide pebbles
child slide book
woman slide ice
elephant slide car
hand smash rock
hammer smash bone
woman smash cat
bear smash glass
car smash table
fox snatch pen
man snatch rabbit
child snatch paper
lion snatch child
crow snatch pebbles
child spill sand
man spill milk
bottle spill beans
bowl spill water
box spill legos
elephant spin car
child spin cat
finger spin pea
hand spin bottle
woman spin ball
kid squash fruit
cat squash grape
elephant squash boat
plane squash house
foot squash ant
hose squirt juice
faucet squirt water
tube squirt oil
mouth squirt milk
faucet squirt blood
man steal knife
child steal cake
monkey steal cloth
cat steal cloth
dog steal key
hand stretch rope
man stretch pillow
dog stretch dough
bird stretch snake
hand stretch arm
ball strike car
bat strike car
man strike dog
cat strike ball
rock strike table
man stroke cat
toe stroke hand
finger stroke paper
monkey stroke cat
elephant stroke tree
man stomp spoon
cat stomp ant
elephant stomp man
lion stomp table
child stomp grape
man swallow pill
elephant swallow man
cat swallow pin
child swallow pen
lion swallow dog
man tackle woman
dog tackle rabbit
horse tackle man
elephant tackle car
ant tackle ant
beak tap bag
finger tap door
hand tap floor
beak tap finger
fist tap finger
hand tear cloth
knife tear paper
elephant tear tree
pen tear shirt
man tear banana
child throw book
elephant throw car
hand throw cat
dog throw cat
horse throw man
finger tick cat
dog tick cat
man tick elephant
feather tick horse
paper tick rabbit
girl toss pizza
man toss shirt
horse toss student
elephant toss cat
cat toss ant
knife trim rope
scissors trim pillow
chainsaw trim tree
knife trim arm
scissors trim rabbit
woman tug man
child tug chair
horse tug car
elephant tug truck
ant tug leaf
pipe vent air
house vent smoke
ship vent air
room vent smoke
building vent smoke
elephant vomit man
lion vomit cat
woman vomit pea
cat vomit ant
student vomit pebbles
stove warm foot
sun warm skin
oven warm food
fire warm log
fire warm water
horse wear necklace
hand wear glove
woman wear shirt
child wear cloth
elephant wear carpet
water wet book
oil wet car
milk wet sand
water wet bag
oil wet house
girl whisk egg
man whisk sauce
child whisk dust
student whisk gravy
woman whisk milk
man wrestle dog
woman wrestle student
cat wrestle dog
bear wrestle horse
lion wrestle elephant
rope yank chair
hand yank teeth
dog yank shirt
finger yank arm
horse yank arm
shirt absorb milk
chair absorb water
house absorb rain
desert absorb water
laptop absorb oil
cream attach sticker
robot attach tape
pebbles attach sticker
chair attach note
girl attach letter
chair attack clown
bear attack turtle
crab attack wolf
beans attack horse
scissors attack policeman
chef bake butterfly
oven bake fish
girl bake beans
stove bake dolphin
clown bake infant
girl beat dentist
apple beat turtle
chef beat clown
cup beat gorilla
laptop beat crab
gorilla bend fish
chef bend pin
wolf bend chair
knife bend spatula
policeman bend lamp
horse bite worm
cat bite turtle
bear bite girl
clown bite chair
wolf bite nail
plane break skyscraper
horse break laptop
bike break house
spatula break cup
rock break pebbles
girl breed horse
boat breed baboon
dentist breed gorilla
clown breed elephant
house breed tree
ant build wall
man build cup
girl build laptop
pebbles build skyscraper
tree build house
stove burn turtle
girl burn shirt
policeman burn chair
clown burn oil
dentist burn grape
bear bury dentist
gorilla bury leaf
bush bury rice
rice bury bike
hay bury laptop
dentist capsize canoe
bike capsize cup
spatula capsize pan
dentist capsize ship
girl capsize turtle
monkey carry grape
dog carry scissors
cup carry water
boat carry mud
horse carry cream
spatula catch beans
girl catch dentist
clown catch baboon
shirt catch knife
purse catch pin
closet chafe girl
dentist chafe chef
pin chafe gorilla
pebbles chafe nail
boat chafe spatula
monkey chew rice
lion chew infant
girl chew dust
elephant chew turtle
gorilla chew apple
air chill water
ice chill oil
wind chill girl
wind chill table
air chill lion
monkey choke dog
gorilla choke infant
girl choke dog
dentist choke clown
elephant choke policeman
axe chop chair
knife chop tree
girl chop monkey
dentist chop mud
clown chop cream
girl clean infant
clown clean boat
shirt clean stairs
water clean house
policeman clean rice
girl clench hand
scissors clench purse
girl clench bike
dog clench rabbit
dentist clench wool
girl climb skyscraper
worm climb hill
monkey climb tree
gorilla climb boat
clown climb house
knife clip paper
pin clip wool
girl clip dog
clown clip paper
dentist clip hay
girl close book
policeman close window
monkey close door
clown close house
gorilla close stove
girl construct building
policeman construct puzzle
monkey construct nest
hay construct house
chef construct table
purse contain scissors
boat contain lion
tree contain leaf
bag contain rabbit
skyscraper contain gorilla
girl cook fish
policeman cook dolphin
stove cook monkey
spatula cook egg
clown cook monkey
ac cool water
freezer cool water
air cool skyscraper
ice cool girl
ac cool chair
girl count rice
chef count beans
laptop count cup
policeman count cat
infant count pebbles
mud cover girl
car cover grape
boat cover scissors
shirt cover beans
lion cover infant
skyscraper crash laptop
boat crash scooter
plane crash house
bowling crash laptop
pebbles crash ant
infant create dust
chef create table
girl create skyscraper
sand create house
girl create infant
girl crop paper
policeman crop tree
knife crop shirt
clown crop bush
scissors crop paper
apple crush egg
pebbles crush box
girl crush infant
infant crush worm
bike crush bush
house curb bike
stairs curb scooter
rock curb bike
tree curb train
lion curb door
girl cut grape
chef cut leaf
scissors cut worm
knife cut shirt
girl cut chair
scissors damage shirt
laptop damage cup
dog damage chair
girl damage cup
knife damage rabbit
water dampen purse
oil dampen skyscraper
rain dampen girl
water dampen beans
oil dampen trash
lion destroy house
cat destroy shirt
bear destroy cup
stove destroy apple
scissors destroy shirt
spatula dig mud
knife dig bike
girl dig sand
scissors dig hay
pin dig mud
rope drag purse
girl drag purse
chef drag wood
rope drag trash
chef drag stove
chef drain lake
policeman drain lake
spatula drain pond
cup drain lake
girl drain water
infant draw pumpkin
chef draw pumpkin
infant draw bear
pen draw oil
stick draw house
girl drink beer
chef drink milk
leopard drink oil
rabbit drink milk
worm drink mud
robot drive boat
clown drive truck
girl drive tractor
dentist drive van
clown drive car
elephant drop lion
girl drop water
woman drop pin
infant drop paper
dog drop spatula
truck dump bush
bucket dump mud
bowl dump rice
girl dump cake
student dump mud
cheetah eat grape
goat eat rice
monkey eat banana
dog eat rabbit
worm eat infant
pipe ejaculate cream
tube ejaculate mud
bottle ejaculate gravy
tube ejaculate water
bottle ejaculate water
cat enter box
girl enter house
mouse enter cup
worm enter skyscraper
girl enter room
cloth erase dust
eraser erase rust
shovel erase mud
scissors erase text
cloth erase cream
man erect bug
man erect tree
girl erect wall
dentist erect cake
clown erect pen
knife etch pebbles
chisel etch skyscraper
pen etch grape
spoon etch wheel
pin etch house
nose exhale wind
chef exhale air
girl exhale smoke
dog exhale air
monkey exhale fume
belt fasten spatula
rope fasten gorilla
belt fasten lion
hand fasten crab
arm fasten girl
man feed gorilla
girl feed dog
cake feed clown
mud feed worm
water feed horse
water fill cup
monkey fill bucket
mud fill sink
cream fill tub
rice fill cup
man film shirt
girl film sofa
infant film water
chef film man
chef film laptop
child fish spatula
shark fish fish
hook fish chair
bird fish pumpkin
man fish bike
man fix boat
woman fix wheel
child fix laptop
scissors fix car
screwdriver fix house
rock flatten shirt
hammer flatten apple
boat flatten cup
mallet flatten pumpkin
spatula flatten worm
shovel flip monkey
girl flip rabbit
horse flip cat
chef flip table
cat flip pin
hand fold shirt
infant fold cloth
cat fold silk
stick fold shirt
chef fold paper
bone fracture ice
scissors fracture bone
knife fracture glass
rock fracture plane
knife fracture chair
ice freeze oil
freezer freeze girl
ice freeze monkey
ice freeze pebbles
freezer freeze rabbit
man fry apple
dentist fry egg
oil fry wolf
girl fry turtle
child fry worm
glue fuse laptop
heat fuse pan
tape fuse spatula
glue fuse chair
glue fuse monkey
man grab bike
gorilla grab pin
hand grab shirt
monkey grab hand
man grab grape
infant grasp hand
monkey grasp cup
hand grasp paper
monkey grasp ant
chef grasp shirt
man grip bush
monkey grip stick
hand grip pan
woman grip shirt
chef grip bread
hand grope girl
girl grope stranger
hand grope policeman
clown grope arm
dog grope curtain
wall halt girl
policeman halt bowling
sign halt boat
clown halt person
barrier halt girl
pencil hang shirt
hook hang pumpkin
stick hang paper
finger hang crab
tree hang necklace
truck haul trash
man haul girl
monkey haul cat
wolf haul cat
elephant haul lion
oven heat graph
sun heat rust
fire heat girl
stove heat flour
fire heat desert
uncle heave table
policeman heave bag
tiger heave horse
ant heave pea
lion heave log
man hit hay
boat hit brother
desk hit bowling
cake hit closet
finger hit shirt
glove hold stick
arm hold monkey
net hold infant
policeman hold scissors
hand hold pebbles
stick hook purse
rope hook pan
arm hook spatula
pin hook fish
finger hook shirt
bear hug table
girl hug door
monkey hug rabbit
man hug infant
gorilla hug dog
rope hurl boat
hand hurl purse
scooter hurl truck
boat hurl boat
man hurl monkey
girl hurt leg
needle hurt rabbit
scissors hurt leg
knife hurt gorilla
brick hurt wolf
officer jail clown
student jail girl
chef jail dog
mayor jail clown
child jail monkey
donkey kick mud
monkey kick chef
kangaroo kick table
horse kick chair
man kick elephant
shark kill girl
girl kill dog
zebra kill dolphin
laptop kill rabbit
knife kill infant
women kiss girl
monkey kiss bottle
ape kiss bear
ape kiss wolf
dolphin kiss egg
girl knead pillow
mallet knead wool
wood knead flour
chef knead clay
cat knead cream
woman knit shirt
girl knit wool
needle knit rug
chef knit shirt
student knit carpet
pipe leak milk
skyscraper leak gas
bottle leak water
girl leak blood
balloon leak smoke
girl lengthen string
hand lengthen rabbit
girl lengthen pillow
finger lengthen rubber
chef lengthen rubber
dog lick grape
wolf lick frosting
lion lick frosting
tongue lick bear
gorilla lick hand
crane lift log
helicopter lift dumbbell
chef lift man
ant lift pin
monkey lift rabbit
mud mask face
cloth mask chair
purse mask hand
smoke mask laptop
pillow mask infant
knife mince purse
scissors mince paper
scissors mince meat
mallet mince log
spatula mince paper
truck move pebbles
man move chair
monkey move pebble
dog move infant
lion move horse
infant open closet
girl open door
chef open bottle
policeman open window
gorilla open wardrobe
man pack purse
child pack leaf
woman pack trash
clown pack water
barber pack laptop
hand peel apple
scissors peel banana
chef peel skin
monkey peel apple
spatula peel orange
cat pet monkey
infant pet cat
man pet infant
monkey pet rabbit
bear pet dolphin
arrow pierce paper
pin pierce cheese
scissor pierce board
pen pierce shirt
hand pierce leaf
boy pluck apple
clown pluck string
monkey pluck graph
dentist pluck potato
cat pluck leaf
spider poison dolphin
chef poison dog
water poison bush
grape poison bird
air poison rabbit
scissor poke finger
man poke bear
spatula poke baby
needle poke rice
stick poke trash
faucet pour milk
pitcher pour cream
cup pour mud
pipe pour water
cup pour rice
infant puff smoke
nose puff oxygen
tube puff air
gorilla puff vapor
monkey puff gas
child pull boat
monkey pull rope
boat pull truck
man pull girl
elephant pull boat
boy punch girl
chef punch wall
woman punch wolf
boy punch bus
fist punch dumbbell
car push bear
car push lion
wolf push cup
toe push basketball
man push plastic
man ride scooter
infant ride horse
clown ride log
dog ride monkey
baboon ride camel
scissors rip shirt
knife rip purse
hand rip rug
claw rip wool
spatula rip dough
man roll dumbbell
gorilla roll log
girl roll wheels
lion roll rock
hand roll cup
man rotate monkey
monkey rotate pen
infant rotate ball
elephant rotate bowling
hand rotate log
finger rub plastic
cloth rub rubber
chair rub shirt
pillow rub pebbles
chef rub pen
shovel scrape chair
bone scrape board
chisel scrape bone
infant scrape table
screwdriver scrape plane
nail scratch pin
beak scratch apple
stick scratch girl
scissors scratch toe
finger scratch mud
man seize infant
monkey seize cat
ant seize pin
hand seize spatula
claw seize beans
scissors sever arm
knife sever bear
pen sever shirt
spatula sever paper
pin sever dough
dentist sew mittens
needle sew rug
girl sew rug
policeman sew curtain
clown sew blanket
policeman shake door
clown shake car
dog shake monkey
elephant shake wolf
boat shake laptop
rock sharpen scissors
scissors sharpen log
sword sharpen log
pebbles sharpen nail
spatula sharpen glass
hand shove monkey
man shove infant
girl shove book
monkey shove dolphin
stick shove bear
clown slam window
chef slam door
stick slam monkey
baboon slam cup
rock slam chair
cleaver slash bush
sword slash shirt
scissors slash paper
knife slash purse
pin slash skin
scissors slice dough
sword slice chair
cleaver slice monkey
knife slice rabbit
sword slice pencil
lion slide infant
monkey slide pebbles
child slide cup
girl slide ice
elephant slide boat
hand smash laptop
hammer smash plastic
clown smash cat
lion smash glass
car smash chair
bear snatch pen
man snatch infant
child snatch spatula
wolf snatch child
crow snatch beans
child spill cream
policeman spill milk
bottle spill rice
cup spill water
box spill dust
elephant spin scooter
child spin dog
finger spin beans
hand spin cup
chef spin ball
kid squash apple
dog squash grape
elephant squash bus
plane squash tree
spatula squash ant
hose squirt milk
faucet squirt mud
tube squirt cream
mouth squirt sand
faucet squirt water
man steal crab
baboon steal cake
monkey steal shirt
cat steal turtle
dog steal pebbles
finger stretch rope
man stretch shirt
monkey stretch dough
gorilla stretch snake
hand stretch rabbit
ball strike bus
wolf strike car
man strike purse
infant strike ball
rock strike chair
chef stroke cat
toe stroke dentist
finger stroke cup
rope stroke cat
elephant stroke hay
policeman stomp spoon
cat stomp worm
elephant stomp girl
wolf stomp chair
child stomp apple
man swallow ant
elephant swallow girl
monkey swallow pin
child swallow nail
wolf swallow dog
man tackle girl
dog tackle cat
horse tackle turtle
elephant tackle bus
ant tackle worm
beak tap purse
finger tap plane
hand tap scooter
beak tap chair
fist tap spatula
hand tear shirt
scissors tear paper
elephant tear wool
knife tear rug
man tear apple
child throw cup
elephant throw bus
hand throw monkey
dog throw rabbit
lion throw man
finger tick dog
dog tick monkey
gorilla tick elephant
feather tick bear
pin tick rabbit
girl toss turtle
chef toss shirt
horse toss monkey
elephant toss boat
baboon toss ant
knife trim string
scissors trim rug
chainsaw trim bush
knife trim pencil
scissors trim monkey
woman tug chef
infant tug basketball
horse tug dumbbell
elephant tug bus
butterfly tug leaf
pipe vent vapor
room vent smoke
boat vent air
room vent oxygen
skycraper vent smoke
elephant vomit rabbit
lion vomit mud
girl vomit pea
cat vomit worm
clown vomit pebbles
stove warm rabbit
sun warm pebbles
oven warm elephant
fire warm laptop
fire warm vapor
lion wear necklace
claw wear glove
woman wear rug
child wear shirt
lion wear carpet
water wet scissors
vapor wet car
milk wet wool
water wet purse
oil wet skyscraper
clown whisk egg
man whisk gravy
girl whisk dust
dentist whisk sauce
clown whisk milk
man wrestle gorilla
girl wrestle student
cat wrestle rabbit
bear wrestle wolf
lion wrestle bear
rope yank closet
hand yank bone
dog yank trash
finger yank pebbles
horse yank wolf
